doc/api/resources/checkin.rst, before:

.. spelling:word-list:: checkin

.. _rest-checkin:

Check-in
========

This page describes special APIs built for ticket scanning apps. For managing check-in configuration or other operations,
please also see :ref:`rest-checkinlists`. The check-in list API also contains endpoints to obtain statistics or log
failed scans.

.. versionchanged:: 4.12

    The endpoints listed on this page have been added.

.. versionchanged:: 4.18

    The ``source_type`` parameter has been added.

.. _`rest-checkin-redeem`:

Checking a ticket in
--------------------

.. http:post:: /api/v1/organizers/(organizer)/checkinrpc/redeem/

   Tries to redeem an order position, i.e. checks the attendee in (or out). This is the recommended endpoint to use
   if you build any kind of scanning app that performs check-ins for scanned barcodes. It is safe to use with untrusted
   inputs in the ``secret`` field.

   This endpoint supports passing multiple check-in lists to perform a multi-event scan. However, each check-in list
   passed needs to be from a distinct event.

   :<json string secret: Scanned QR code corresponding to the ``secret`` attribute of a ticket.
   :<json string source_type: Type of source the ``secret`` was obtained form. Defaults to ``"barcode"``.
   :<json array lists: List of check-in list IDs to search on. No two check-in lists may be from the same event.
   :<json string type: Send ``"exit"`` for an exit and ``"entry"`` (default) for an entry.
   :<json datetime datetime: Specifies the datetime of the check-in. If not supplied, the current time will be used.
   :<json boolean force: Specifies that the check-in should succeed regardless of revoked barcode, previous check-ins or required
                         questions that have not been filled. This is usually used to upload offline scans that already happened,
                         because there's no point in validating them since they happened whether they are valid or not. Defaults to ``false``.
   :<json boolean questions_supported: When this parameter is set to ``true``, handling of questions is supported. If
                                       you do not implement question handling in your user interface, you **must**
                                       set this to ``false``. In that case, questions will just be ignored. Defaults
                                       to ``true``.
   :<json boolean ignore_unpaid: Specifies that the check-in should succeed even if the order is in pending state.
                                 Defaults to ``false`` and only works when ``include_pending`` is set on the check-in
                                 list.
   :<json object answers: If questions are supported/required, you may/must supply a mapping of question IDs to their
                          respective answers. The answers should always be strings. In case of (multiple-)choice-type
                          answers, the string should contain the (comma-separated) IDs of the selected options.
   :<json string nonce: You can set this parameter to a unique random value to identify this check-in. If you're sending
                        this request twice with the same nonce, the second request will also succeed but will always
                        create only one check-in object even when the previous request was successful as well. This
                        allows for a certain level of idempotency and enables you to re-try after a connection failure.
   :>json string status: ``"ok"``, ``"incomplete"``, or ``"error"``
   :>json string reason: Reason code, only set on status ``"error"``, see below for possible values.
   :>json string reason_explanation: Human-readable explanation, only set on status ``"error"`` and reason ``"rules"``, can be null.
   :>json object position: Copy of the matching order position (if any was found). The contents are the same as the
                           :ref:`order-position-resource`, with the following differences: (1) The ``checkins`` value
                           will only include check-ins for the selected list. (2) An additional boolean property
                           ``require_attention`` will inform you whether either the order or the item have the
                           ``checkin_attention`` flag set. (3) If ``attendee_name`` is empty, it may automatically fall
                           back to values from a parent product or from invoice addresses.
   :>json boolean require_attention: Whether or not the ``require_attention`` flag is set on the item or order.
   :>json list checkin_texts: List of additional texts to show to the user.
   :>json object list: Excerpt of information about the matching :ref:`check-in list <rest-checkinlists>` (if any was found),
                       including the attributes ``id``, ``name``, ``event``, ``subevent``, and ``include_pending``.
   :>json object questions: List of questions to be answered for check-in, only set on status ``"incomplete"``.

   **Example request**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      POST /api/v1/organizers/bigevents/checkinrpc/redeem/ HTTP/1.1
      Host: pretix.eu
      Accept: application/json, text/javascript

      {
        "secret": "M5BO19XmFwAjLd4nDYUAL9ISjhti0e9q",
        "source_type": "barcode",
        "lists": [1],
        "force": false,
        "ignore_unpaid": false,
        "nonce": "Pvrk50vUzQd0DhdpNRL4I4OcXsvg70uA",
        "datetime": null,
        "questions_supported": true,
        "answers": {
          "4": "XS"
        }
      }

   **Example successful response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 201 Created
      Vary: Accept
      Content-Type: application/json

      {
        "status": "ok",
        "position": {
          …
        },
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": [],
        "list": {
          "id": 1,
          "name": "Default check-in list",
          "event": "sampleconf",
          "subevent": null,
          "include_pending": false
        }
      }

   **Example response with required questions**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
      Content-Type: text/json

      {
        "status": "incomplete",
        "position": {
          …
        },
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": [],
        "list": {
          "id": 1,
          "name": "Default check-in list",
          "event": "sampleconf",
          "subevent": null,
          "include_pending": false
        },
        "questions": [
          {
            "id": 1,
            "question": {"en": "T-Shirt size"},
            "type": "C",
            "required": false,
            "items": [1, 2],
            "position": 1,
            "identifier": "WY3TP9SL",
            "ask_during_checkin": true,
            "show_during_checkin": true,
            "options": [
              {
                "id": 1,
                "identifier": "LVETRWVU",
                "position": 0,
                "answer": {"en": "S"}
              },
              {
                "id": 2,
                "identifier": "DFEMJWMJ",
                "position": 1,
                "answer": {"en": "M"}
              },
              {
                "id": 3,
                "identifier": "W9AH7RDE",
                "position": 2,
                "answer": {"en": "L"}
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }

   **Example error response (invalid ticket)**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
      Content-Type: text/json

      {
        "detail": "Not found.",
        "status": "error",
        "reason": "invalid",
        "reason_explanation": null,
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": []
      }

   **Example error response (known, but invalid ticket)**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: text/json

      {
        "status": "error",
        "reason": "unpaid",
        "reason_explanation": null,
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": [],
        "list": {
          "id": 1,
          "name": "Default check-in list",
          "event": "sampleconf",
          "subevent": null,
          "include_pending": false
        },
        "position": {
          …
        }
      }

   Possible error reasons:

   * ``invalid`` - Ticket is not known.
   * ``unpaid`` - Ticket is not paid for.
   * ``blocked`` - Ticket has been blocked.
   * ``invalid_time`` - Ticket is not valid at this time.
   * ``canceled`` – Ticket is canceled or expired.
   * ``already_redeemed`` - Ticket already has been redeemed.
   * ``product`` - Tickets with this product may not be scanned at this device.
   * ``rules`` - Check-in prevented by a user-defined rule.
   * ``ambiguous`` - Multiple tickets match scan, rejected.
   * ``revoked`` - Ticket code has been revoked.
   * ``error`` - Internal error.

   In case of reason ``rules`` and ``invalid_time``, there might be an additional response field ``reason_explanation``
   with a human-readable description of the violated rules. However, that field can also be missing or be ``null``.

   :param organizer: The ``slug`` field of the organizer to fetch
   :statuscode 201: no error
   :statuscode 400: Invalid or incomplete request, see above
   :statuscode 401: Authentication failure
   :statuscode 403: The requested organizer/event does not exist **or** you have no permission to view this resource.
   :statuscode 404: The requested order position does not exist.

Performing a ticket search
--------------------------

.. http:get:: /api/v1/organizers/(organizer)/checkinrpc/search/

   Returns a list of all order positions matching a given search request. The result is the same as
   the :ref:`order-position-resource`, with the following differences:

   * The ``checkins`` value will only include check-ins for the selected list.

   * An additional boolean property ``require_attention`` will inform you whether either the order or the item
     have the ``checkin_attention`` flag set.

   * If ``attendee_name`` is empty, it will automatically fall back to values from a parent product or from invoice
     addresses.

   This endpoint supports passing multiple check-in lists to perform a multi-event search. However, each check-in list
   passed needs to be from a distinct event.

   **Example request**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      GET /api/v1/organizers/bigevents/checkinrpc/search/?list=1&search=Peter HTTP/1.1
      Host: pretix.eu
      Accept: application/json, text/javascript

   **Example response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Vary: Accept
      Content-Type: application/json

      {
        "count": 1,
        "next": null,
        "previous": null,
        "results": [
          {
            "id": 23442,
            "order": "ABC12",
            "positionid": 1,
            "item": 1345,
            "variation": null,
            "price": "23.00",
            "attendee_name": "Peter",
            "attendee_name_parts": {
              "full_name": "Peter",
            },
            "attendee_email": null,
            "voucher": null,
            "tax_rate": "0.00",
            "tax_rule": null,
            "tax_value": "0.00",
            "secret": "z3fsn8jyufm5kpk768q69gkbyr5f4h6w",
            "addon_to": null,
            "subevent": null,
            "pseudonymization_id": "MQLJvANO3B",
            "seat": null,
            "checkins": [
              {
                "list": 1,
                "type": "entry",
                "gate": null,
                "device": 2,
                "datetime": "2017-12-25T12:45:23Z",
                "auto_checked_in": true
              }
            ],
            "answers": [
              {
                "question": 12,
                "answer": "Foo",
                "options": []
              }
            ],
            "downloads": [
              {
                "output": "pdf",
                "url": "https://pretix.eu/api/v1/organizers/bigevents/events/sampleconf/orderpositions/23442/download/pdf/"
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }

   :query string search: Fuzzy search matching the attendee name, order code, invoice address name as well as to the beginning of the secret.
   :query integer list: The check-in list to search on, can be passed multiple times.
   :query integer page: The page number in case of a multi-page result set, default is 1
   :query string ignore_status: If set to ``true``, results will be returned regardless of the state of
                                 the order they belong to and you will need to do your own filtering by order status.
   :query string ordering: Manually set the ordering of results. Valid fields to be used are ``order__code``,
                           ``order__datetime``, ``positionid``, ``attendee_name``, ``last_checked_in`` and ``order__email``. Default:
                           ``attendee_name,positionid``
   :query string order: Only return positions of the order with the given order code
   :query string search: Fuzzy search matching the attendee name, order code, invoice address name as well as to the beginning of the secret.
   :query string expand: Expand a field into a full object. Currently only ``subevent``, ``item``, and ``variation`` are supported. Can be passed multiple times.
   :query integer item: Only return positions with the purchased item matching the given ID.
   :query integer item__in: Only return positions with the purchased item matching one of the given comma-separated IDs.
   :query integer variation: Only return positions with the purchased item variation matching the given ID.
   :query integer variation__in: Only return positions with one of the purchased item variation matching the given
                                 comma-separated IDs.
   :query string attendee_name: Only return positions with the given value in the attendee_name field. Also, add-on
                                products positions are shown if they refer to an attendee with the given name.
   :query string secret: Only return positions with the given ticket secret.
   :query string order__status: Only return positions with the given order status.
   :query string order__status__in: Only return positions with one the given comma-separated order status.
   :query boolean has_checkin: If set to ``true`` or ``false``, only return positions that have or have not been
                               checked in already.
   :query integer subevent: Only return positions of the sub-event with the given ID
   :query integer subevent__in: Only return positions of one of the sub-events with the given comma-separated IDs
   :query integer addon_to: Only return positions that are add-ons to the position with the given ID.
   :query integer addon_to__in: Only return positions that are add-ons to one of the positions with the given
                                      comma-separated IDs.
   :query string voucher: Only return positions with a specific voucher.
   :query string voucher__code: Only return positions with a specific voucher code.
   :param organizer: The ``slug`` field of the organizer to fetch
   :statuscode 200: no error
   :statuscode 401: Authentication failure
   :statuscode 403: The requested organizer or check-in list does not exist **or** you have no permission to view this resource.
   :statuscode 404: The requested check-in list does not exist.

Commit message:

Add "expand" option to checkinrpc

doc/api/resources/checkin.rst, after:

.. spelling:word-list:: checkin

.. _rest-checkin:

Check-in
========

This page describes special APIs built for ticket scanning apps. For managing check-in configuration or other operations,
please also see :ref:`rest-checkinlists`. The check-in list API also contains endpoints to obtain statistics or log
failed scans.

.. versionchanged:: 4.12

    The endpoints listed on this page have been added.

.. versionchanged:: 4.18

    The ``source_type`` parameter has been added.

.. _`rest-checkin-redeem`:

Checking a ticket in
--------------------

.. http:post:: /api/v1/organizers/(organizer)/checkinrpc/redeem/

   Tries to redeem an order position, i.e. checks the attendee in (or out). This is the recommended endpoint to use
   if you build any kind of scanning app that performs check-ins for scanned barcodes. It is safe to use with untrusted
   inputs in the ``secret`` field.

   This endpoint supports passing multiple check-in lists to perform a multi-event scan. However, each check-in list
   passed needs to be from a distinct event.

   :query string expand: Expand a field inside the ``position`` object into a full object. Currently ``subevent``, ``item``, ``variation``, and ``answers.question`` are supported. Can be passed multiple times.
   :<json string secret: Scanned QR code corresponding to the ``secret`` attribute of a ticket.
   :<json string source_type: Type of source the ``secret`` was obtained form. Defaults to ``"barcode"``.
   :<json array lists: List of check-in list IDs to search on. No two check-in lists may be from the same event.
   :<json string type: Send ``"exit"`` for an exit and ``"entry"`` (default) for an entry.
   :<json datetime datetime: Specifies the datetime of the check-in. If not supplied, the current time will be used.
   :<json boolean force: Specifies that the check-in should succeed regardless of revoked barcode, previous check-ins or required
                         questions that have not been filled. This is usually used to upload offline scans that already happened,
                         because there's no point in validating them since they happened whether they are valid or not. Defaults to ``false``.
   :<json boolean questions_supported: When this parameter is set to ``true``, handling of questions is supported. If
                                       you do not implement question handling in your user interface, you **must**
                                       set this to ``false``. In that case, questions will just be ignored. Defaults
                                       to ``true``.
   :<json boolean ignore_unpaid: Specifies that the check-in should succeed even if the order is in pending state.
                                 Defaults to ``false`` and only works when ``include_pending`` is set on the check-in
                                 list.
   :<json object answers: If questions are supported/required, you may/must supply a mapping of question IDs to their
                          respective answers. The answers should always be strings. In case of (multiple-)choice-type
                          answers, the string should contain the (comma-separated) IDs of the selected options.
   :<json string nonce: You can set this parameter to a unique random value to identify this check-in. If you're sending
                        this request twice with the same nonce, the second request will also succeed but will always
                        create only one check-in object even when the previous request was successful as well. This
                        allows for a certain level of idempotency and enables you to re-try after a connection failure.
   :>json string status: ``"ok"``, ``"incomplete"``, or ``"error"``
   :>json string reason: Reason code, only set on status ``"error"``, see below for possible values.
   :>json string reason_explanation: Human-readable explanation, only set on status ``"error"`` and reason ``"rules"``, can be null.
   :>json object position: Copy of the matching order position (if any was found). The contents are the same as the
                           :ref:`order-position-resource`, with the following differences: (1) The ``checkins`` value
                           will only include check-ins for the selected list. (2) An additional boolean property
                           ``require_attention`` will inform you whether either the order or the item have the
                           ``checkin_attention`` flag set. (3) If ``attendee_name`` is empty, it may automatically fall
                           back to values from a parent product or from invoice addresses.
   :>json boolean require_attention: Whether or not the ``require_attention`` flag is set on the item or order.
   :>json list checkin_texts: List of additional texts to show to the user.
   :>json object list: Excerpt of information about the matching :ref:`check-in list <rest-checkinlists>` (if any was found),
                       including the attributes ``id``, ``name``, ``event``, ``subevent``, and ``include_pending``.
   :>json object questions: List of questions to be answered for check-in, only set on status ``"incomplete"``.

   **Example request**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      POST /api/v1/organizers/bigevents/checkinrpc/redeem/ HTTP/1.1
      Host: pretix.eu
      Accept: application/json, text/javascript

      {
        "secret": "M5BO19XmFwAjLd4nDYUAL9ISjhti0e9q",
        "source_type": "barcode",
        "lists": [1],
        "force": false,
        "ignore_unpaid": false,
        "nonce": "Pvrk50vUzQd0DhdpNRL4I4OcXsvg70uA",
        "datetime": null,
        "questions_supported": true,
        "answers": {
          "4": "XS"
        }
      }

   **Example successful response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 201 Created
      Vary: Accept
      Content-Type: application/json

      {
        "status": "ok",
        "position": {
          …
        },
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": [],
        "list": {
          "id": 1,
          "name": "Default check-in list",
          "event": "sampleconf",
          "subevent": null,
          "include_pending": false
        }
      }

   **Example response with required questions**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
      Content-Type: text/json

      {
        "status": "incomplete",
        "position": {
          …
        },
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": [],
        "list": {
          "id": 1,
          "name": "Default check-in list",
          "event": "sampleconf",
          "subevent": null,
          "include_pending": false
        },
        "questions": [
          {
            "id": 1,
            "question": {"en": "T-Shirt size"},
            "type": "C",
            "required": false,
            "items": [1, 2],
            "position": 1,
            "identifier": "WY3TP9SL",
            "ask_during_checkin": true,
            "show_during_checkin": true,
            "options": [
              {
                "id": 1,
                "identifier": "LVETRWVU",
                "position": 0,
                "answer": {"en": "S"}
              },
              {
                "id": 2,
                "identifier": "DFEMJWMJ",
                "position": 1,
                "answer": {"en": "M"}
              },
              {
                "id": 3,
                "identifier": "W9AH7RDE",
                "position": 2,
                "answer": {"en": "L"}
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }

   **Example error response (invalid ticket)**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
      Content-Type: text/json

      {
        "detail": "Not found.",
        "status": "error",
        "reason": "invalid",
        "reason_explanation": null,
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": []
      }

   **Example error response (known, but invalid ticket)**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: text/json

      {
        "status": "error",
        "reason": "unpaid",
        "reason_explanation": null,
        "require_attention": false,
        "checkin_texts": [],
        "list": {
          "id": 1,
          "name": "Default check-in list",
          "event": "sampleconf",
          "subevent": null,
          "include_pending": false
        },
        "position": {
          …
        }
      }

   Possible error reasons:

   * ``invalid`` - Ticket is not known.
   * ``unpaid`` - Ticket is not paid for.
   * ``blocked`` - Ticket has been blocked.
   * ``invalid_time`` - Ticket is not valid at this time.
   * ``canceled`` – Ticket is canceled or expired.
   * ``already_redeemed`` - Ticket already has been redeemed.
   * ``product`` - Tickets with this product may not be scanned at this device.
   * ``rules`` - Check-in prevented by a user-defined rule.
   * ``ambiguous`` - Multiple tickets match scan, rejected.
   * ``revoked`` - Ticket code has been revoked.
   * ``error`` - Internal error.

   In case of reason ``rules`` and ``invalid_time``, there might be an additional response field ``reason_explanation``
   with a human-readable description of the violated rules. However, that field can also be missing or be ``null``.

   :param organizer: The ``slug`` field of the organizer to fetch
   :statuscode 201: no error
   :statuscode 400: Invalid or incomplete request, see above
   :statuscode 401: Authentication failure
   :statuscode 403: The requested organizer/event does not exist **or** you have no permission to view this resource.
   :statuscode 404: The requested order position does not exist.

Performing a ticket search
--------------------------

.. http:get:: /api/v1/organizers/(organizer)/checkinrpc/search/

   Returns a list of all order positions matching a given search request. The result is the same as
   the :ref:`order-position-resource`, with the following differences:

   * The ``checkins`` value will only include check-ins for the selected list.

   * An additional boolean property ``require_attention`` will inform you whether either the order or the item
     have the ``checkin_attention`` flag set.

   * If ``attendee_name`` is empty, it will automatically fall back to values from a parent product or from invoice
     addresses.

   This endpoint supports passing multiple check-in lists to perform a multi-event search. However, each check-in list
   passed needs to be from a distinct event.

   **Example request**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      GET /api/v1/organizers/bigevents/checkinrpc/search/?list=1&search=Peter HTTP/1.1
      Host: pretix.eu
      Accept: application/json, text/javascript

   **Example response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Vary: Accept
      Content-Type: application/json

      {
        "count": 1,
        "next": null,
        "previous": null,
        "results": [
          {
            "id": 23442,
            "order": "ABC12",
            "positionid": 1,
            "item": 1345,
            "variation": null,
            "price": "23.00",
            "attendee_name": "Peter",
            "attendee_name_parts": {
              "full_name": "Peter",
            },
            "attendee_email": null,
            "voucher": null,
            "tax_rate": "0.00",
            "tax_rule": null,
            "tax_value": "0.00",
            "secret": "z3fsn8jyufm5kpk768q69gkbyr5f4h6w",
            "addon_to": null,
            "subevent": null,
            "pseudonymization_id": "MQLJvANO3B",
            "seat": null,
            "checkins": [
              {
                "list": 1,
                "type": "entry",
                "gate": null,
                "device": 2,
                "datetime": "2017-12-25T12:45:23Z",
                "auto_checked_in": true
              }
            ],
            "answers": [
              {
                "question": 12,
                "answer": "Foo",
                "options": []
              }
            ],
            "downloads": [
              {
                "output": "pdf",
                "url": "https://pretix.eu/api/v1/organizers/bigevents/events/sampleconf/orderpositions/23442/download/pdf/"
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }

   :query string search: Fuzzy search matching the attendee name, order code, invoice address name as well as to the beginning of the secret.
   :query integer list: The check-in list to search on, can be passed multiple times.
   :query integer page: The page number in case of a multi-page result set, default is 1
   :query string ignore_status: If set to ``true``, results will be returned regardless of the state of
                                 the order they belong to and you will need to do your own filtering by order status.
   :query string ordering: Manually set the ordering of results. Valid fields to be used are ``order__code``,
                           ``order__datetime``, ``positionid``, ``attendee_name``, ``last_checked_in`` and ``order__email``. Default:
                           ``attendee_name,positionid``
   :query string order: Only return positions of the order with the given order code
   :query string search: Fuzzy search matching the attendee name, order code, invoice address name as well as to the beginning of the secret.
   :query string expand: Expand a field into a full object. Currently only ``subevent``, ``item``, and ``variation`` are supported. Can be passed multiple times.
   :query integer item: Only return positions with the purchased item matching the given ID.
   :query integer item__in: Only return positions with the purchased item matching one of the given comma-separated IDs.
   :query integer variation: Only return positions with the purchased item variation matching the given ID.
   :query integer variation__in: Only return positions with one of the purchased item variation matching the given
                                 comma-separated IDs.
   :query string attendee_name: Only return positions with the given value in the attendee_name field. Also, add-on
                                products positions are shown if they refer to an attendee with the given name.
   :query string secret: Only return positions with the given ticket secret.
   :query string order__status: Only return positions with the given order status.
   :query string order__status__in: Only return positions with one the given comma-separated order status.
   :query boolean has_checkin: If set to ``true`` or ``false``, only return positions that have or have not been
                               checked in already.
   :query integer subevent: Only return positions of the sub-event with the given ID
   :query integer subevent__in: Only return positions of one of the sub-events with the given comma-separated IDs
   :query integer addon_to: Only return positions that are add-ons to the position with the given ID.
   :query integer addon_to__in: Only return positions that are add-ons to one of the positions with the given
                                      comma-separated IDs.
   :query string voucher: Only return positions with a specific voucher.
   :query string voucher__code: Only return positions with a specific voucher code.
   :param organizer: The ``slug`` field of the organizer to fetch
   :statuscode 200: no error
   :statuscode 401: Authentication failure
   :statuscode 403: The requested organizer or check-in list does not exist **or** you have no permission to view this resource.
   :statuscode 404: The requested check-in list does not exist.
